you
so how was the first day of school it
was fine I guess
mmm do you ever look at someone and
wonder what is going on inside their
head did you guys pick up on that
something's wrong we're gonna find out
what's happening but we'll need support
signal the husband oh she's looking at
us what did she say whoa oh sorry sir no
one's listening is it garbage night we
left the toilet seat up
what what is it woman what signal him
again
ah so Riley how was school for this
we gave up that Brazilian helicopter
pilot school was great all right what
was that I thought you said we were
gonna act casual Riley is everything
okay sir she just rolled her eyes that
is all right make a show of force I
don't wanna have to put the foot down no
not the foot Riley I do not like this
new attitude
no no what is your problem just leave me
alone sir reporting high levels of sass
take it to DEFCON 2 yep dude I don't
know where this disrespectful attitude
came from yeah prepare the foot tease
the safety position later the launch on
your command sir that's it go to your
room the foot is down the foot is down
good job gentlemen
that could have been a disaster well
that was a disaster
come fly with me gatinha